hi welcome back to get the gloss every
week amazing products land on my desk so
I just thought I'd talk to you about
some of the really standout products
that I've seen this week okay to start
with one of my favorite products are
seen recently is Lancome to hydrazine
beauty balm this is a BB cream now there
are lots and lots of BB creams on the
market some of them are good some of
them are not so good but this one is
fantastic it contains a technology
called neuro calm so it'd be good for
sensitive skin or skin that flares up
quite easily and it has sheer coverage
so it evens your skin out without making
you look really really caked in makeup
next on my list is relatively
inexpensive but they're bourgeoise new
cream blush little pots they are
available in lots of different shades
depending on your skin tone I love cream
blushes because I'll just show you how
sure they go on they tend to sort of
create a very fine layer on your skin so
that it actually looks like that that
flush is part of your skin rather than
looking like looking like makeup looking
like another layer on your skin and
these give a very natural go if you're
feeling tired or pasty then these are
relatively inexpensive pick me up I
can't recommend them highly enough okay
my next product again this is another
feel-good product is called Pro radiance
in lumen ating a flash bomb from LMS and
now this is a product that you put on
either as a moisturizer if your skin is
quite oily I probably use it just as
your moisturizer or if your skin is
quite dry you can add it on top of your
normal moisturizer it contains vitamins
purple orchid no me an acai berries um
so it helps found your skin against
aging but also it's somehow gives your
skin radiance and it brightens the skin
and it tightens it and it gives skin a
sort of jewy luminosity and
yeah it's one of those products when you
put it on and people might well say to
you wow what have you had done so I
think that one is fantastic next on my
list is this terracotta product from
Guerlain I think go and do some of the
best bronzing products on the market so
are the best colors so that you don't
look tangoed it's a bronzing powder for
the face and the decollete so it's very
good not to forget this part because a
lot of people just put bronzer on their
face and forget that it should go down
your neck as well so you end up with a
brown face and a white chest so this is
perfect for that also it smells
absolutely out of this world it smells
them what I think is mono oil oh it
smells beautiful so it smells it smells
of summer so um I'm going to be using
that all summer laughs but by no means
least is a product range called tattoo
Harper skincare Tara Harper is a lady
who lives in America who starts at this
range and she wanted to create a product
line that is natural but that really
works really well I think where natural
products have sometimes fallen down in
the past is that people don't think they
are as effective as sort of more
technology-based anti-aging products but
she has really managed to create a line
that really does feel very effective and
the actual feel of the product on the
skin is absolutely wonderful there's a
reparative moisturizer a rejuvenating
serum a hydrating floral essence and a
rebuilding moisturizer and this one here
is called a replenishing nutrient
complex multi vitamins for the skin and
when you apply them it really does feel
like they they feed your skin cells
they're totally natural they use
biodegradable packaging the whole
product range is powered by green energy
so if you're into organic or natural
then I can't recommend this range highly
enough I'll see you next time product
junkies